then a year anniversary for mention
something in the Philippines
spit-up very very trying year for me
never really been outside of America
except a couple fishing trip to Mexico
down to Cabo San Lucas
so coming to the third-world country
like the Philippines and what I've
managed to find you have been quite a
challenge to say his leash
my first week that stayed in the hotel
and include them that I know how
powerful those firecrackers were that
sounded like gunfire delegates 45
caliber or rifle m16 or sound I thought
landed into a war zone
so pretty much hid under the bed for the
first week got sick on the food that I
didn't know any of it only a couple
times that it was just horrible put it
up every cuz it just just checked it
what used to sneak out go to geology so
I could finally get something I could
eat and people stare at me they I
thought of being followed up father's
being launched but he was just a my
American here so they they find it
unusual I guess so
I had some other close call I mean I had
some close calls I had my sickle running
to me I think you can intentional deal
and I think I was almost shot at once
because I got involved with a drug deal
I walk out
feel going down to get out of that okay
sick pockets I've caught a couple of
those in action and pull their hands out
before they got to cut my wallet or my
cell phone so we've got to be on guard
here I've been working on my
relationship I moved here for
relationship there's been a challenges
in a real challenge and I've tried
shelves times to make it work again and
right now I'm
in an open dating relation relationship
to be the tough battle with her period
of being really down in the dumps
because I'm long here which is
understandable certainly but you know
when you go into another country and you
don't know the language then it makes it
even tougher so I've had too few those
bills I've had a few those days you know
I think I've seen some of those videos
and there's been a lot more days that I
didn't video that idea but I don't know
this is problem probably in the best
place I've been since I've been here in
the year it's taken a year to finally
get used to it in and believe it or not
I'm very happy I'm extremely happy I've
got a nice place to live here it's safe
a budget trying online I'm right on my
buns or fine I was able to buy Christmas
gifts for her daughters and they offer
would submit some to finances as well so
all our knowledge has been a good year
learning learning the Philippine culture
a lot of people if they would have come
here and been through what I've been
through they probably would have gone
back home and beyond this booking I
probably would have too if I hadn't sold
my two homes
so I mean I I could I could get by it's
I had to go back but I really don't want
to I probably love it here I'm going to
be going out and spending Christmas with
someone morrow and I've been her family
30-year old accountant for the
government
very pleasant lady and I've been invited
to go out and shoot some video maybe and
we'll talk them or poke them over it's
an out Co toc I am it's a little small
community out in the province so I'm
gonna go out there tomorrow see what
it's like Christmas and I want to take
the time to wish each and every one of
you American Christmas and a Happy New
Year all month all as how do you guys
bunch of drivers y'all have been like my
family
yeah I've got a lot of a lot of good
support from you and there's a lot of
trolls out there and I've got a lot of
negative comments which is okay I
expected but my youtube pants maybe
subscribers from my best friends from my
family now so I appreciate all you guys
and hope y'all have the best of the new
year here I thank you for your loyalty
thank you for watching my videos and
some of you guys have been really really
kind and stead of posting stuff you send
me private emails and it's just been
wonderful every morning when I get up
the first thing I do the attempt of my
computer I check my email to see see
what you guys have sent me it's it's
been a great year so my Philippine
journeys been on YouTube since March I
really didn't start doing anything with
it until about June or July and right
now I've got about I don't know 20 200
subscribers
something like that and quarter of a
million minutes watched it was quite a
quite a few minutes and
you guys are my support team and I
appreciate that well I'm not gonna bore
you with anything else I hope you keep
continue to be bringing your videos I
want to bring you videos about my life
and I also want to bring you videos
about the Philippines I've got a lot of
great ideas for interaction with the
people and hopefully soon I will start
bringing those to you and you see my
last few videos you see that I've got a
season Filipina
Filipino he's actually a history major
and he's helped me with some of the
narrating and there's been a good little
clip to my video series but he's coming
back to college he's a law student now
in the middle so he's going back and he
just kind of we just kind of make good
friends just he saw my video she liked
me coming here so what kind of teamed up
we became pretty good friends he history
graduate his father's to judge
fathers retiring soon is it and they
want to get my face up I start the
network and start to be able to do a lot
of good people here and again you guys
are much my fans among my family can
appreciate that so Merry Christmas y'all
have a safe new year and watch that
alcohol and drive
they don't match thank you